Add warning about incompleteness of OpenAPI schemas to kubernetes-api.md (#49025)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api.md

  </tbody>
</table>

{{< warning >}}

> Please note the validation rules within OpenAPI schemas could be incomplete, and additional validation may occur in the codebase. Therefore, it is always recommended to perform a `kubectl apply --dry-run` for thorough verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note the validation rules within OpenAPI schemas are incomplete and additional validation occurs in the code of the kube-apiserver. If precise and complete verification is required,  a `kubectl apply --dry-run` runs all the applicable validation.
```

Reviewer 2: Are they _always_ incomplete? Or just often?

Reviewer 3: I'd say ... often. There are some common issues:

- Enum values for fields are deliberately removed from the API spec, for some reasons;
- You can not rely on the spec to tell if a field is optional or required. A lot of them
  are simply incorrect.
- For a required string field, the API doesn't tell you whether an empty string is fine.
- The ObjectMeta struct is shared by all API kinds, and the `name` constraint differs
  across them. But the API spec is generated from the source comment, so you only get
  a "shared" version, where no kind-specific constraints are mentioned.

Reviewer 3: The above are just some examples. There are more inaccuracies in the spec.

> Please note the validation rules within OpenAPI schemas are incomplete and additional validation occurs in the code of the kube-apiserver. If precise and complete verification is required,  a `kubectl apply --dry-run` runs all the applicable validation.

Reviewer 2: I think this is correct, and it's more aligned with our style guide.
```suggestion
The validation rules published as part of OpenAPI schemas may not be complete.
Additional validation occurs within the API server. If you want precise and complete verification,
a `kubectl apply --dry-run=server` runs all the applicable validation (and also activates admission-time
checks).
```

Reviewer: Tim's suggestion is correct on the technical details.  Thanks.
